Question 1
Which of the following are true when it comes to the business value of big data? (Select all that apply.)
The size of the data businesses collect is growing
Businesses are increasingly making data-driven decisions

Question 2
Spark uses...
A driver node to distribute work across a number of executor nodes

Question 3
How does Spark execute code backed by DataFrames? (Select all that apply.)
It separates the "logical plan" of what you want to accomplish from the "physical plan" of how to do it so it can optimize the query
It optimizes your query by figuring out the best "how" to execute what you want

Question 4
What are the properties of Spark DataFrames? (Select all that apply.)
Dataset: Collection of partitioned data
Distributed: Computed across multiple nodes
Resilient: Fault-tolerant

Question 5
What is the difference between Spark and database technologies? (Select all that apply.)
Spark is a computation engine and is not for data storage
Spark is a highly optimized compute engine and is not a database

Question 6
What is Amdahl's law of scalability? (Select all that apply.)
A formula that gives the theoretical speedup as a function of the percentage of a computation that can be parallelized

Question 7
Spark offers a unified approach to analytics. What does this include? (Select all that apply.)
Spark unifies applications such as SQL queries, streaming, and machine learning
Spark code can be written in the following languages: SQL, Scala, Java, Python, and R
Spark allows analysts, data scientists, and data engineers to all use the same core technology

Question 8
What is a Databricks notebook?
A collaborative, interactive workspace that allows you to execute Spark queries at scale

Question 9
How can you get data into Databricks? (Select all that apply.)
By registering the data as a table
By "mounting" data backed by cloud storage
By uploading it through the user interface

Question 10
What are the qualities of big data? (Select all that apply.)
Variety: the diversity of data
Veracity: the reliability of data
Volume: the amount of data
Velocity: the speed of data
